[charts] Add `domainLimit` to axis config. (#15294)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/sparkline/sparkline.md

The first row has the default y-axis values, while on the second row a fixed range from `0` to `100` has been set.

{{"demo": "CustomYAxis.js"}}

You can adjust the y-axis range of a sparkline relatively to its data by using the `domainLimit` option in the `yAxis` configuration.

> See the [axis docs page](http://localhost:3001/x/react-charts/axis/#relative-axis-sub-domain) form more information.

Reviewer: Broken link

```suggestion
See the [axis docs page](/x/react-charts/axis/#relative-axis-subdomain) for more information.
```

The first row has the default y-axis values, while on the second row a fixed range from `0` to `100` has been set.

{{"demo": "CustomYAxis.js"}}

You can adjust the y-axis range of a sparkline relatively to its data by using the `domainLimit` option in the `yAxis` configuration.

- `"nice"` Rounds the domain at human friendly values. It's the default behavior.
- `"strict"` Sets the domain to the min/max value to display.
- `([minValue, maxValue]) => [min, max]` Takes the range of value to be display by the axis and return the axis range.

The demo below shows different ways to set the y-axis range.

> They always display the same data, going from -15 to 92, but with different `domainLimit` settings.

Reviewer 2: This info is not only pertinent to the sparkline, should it live somewhere else like the  "Axis" page?
